hello everyone I will cook today
consumables for the amount we will need
for potatoes a small carrot onion
beaded mince 100 grams of rice and salted
cucumber
a teaspoon of salt itself need poverty
make it take
rice and wash it and pour out the saucepan
spilling rice pan
and now for zazharki I will prepare
carrot and onion onions I will cut into small
pieces of carrot patron aunt
pan pour a little lean
Put carrots in the pan
him
close the lid and leave us so 10
minutes on low heat now I will cut
small potato cubes for
pickle we need a cucumber and it
Now I will grate it by labor
coarse grater shifted to
dish for pickle now
cook minced meat I'll take a little salt
salt it and mix it all neatly
so that our salt and I was delicious from minced
I'll make such balls and then let them down
our time sonic
rice action was boiling I lay here
potatoes look zazharki zazharki also have
us gas and water with weight and potatoes
boils I now also put the meat
balloons
everything boils and now i add here
the end of March frying I added salty
cucumber added greens who is now
boils and our sonic will be ready for
solo ready you can try
look how cute he turned out
pour in a plate
I have turned out so wonderful
Try a beautiful rassolnik and you
I wish you all good luck too
all good mood for new meetings